001 DW Exotic Tobacco Fade over Elm
    Collector's Exotic series. Drumshells are made from 100% North American maple in SSC construction. Black nickel rumshell hardware STM suspension tom mount system. True Hoop rims True-Pitch (50) tuning lugs. The sound produced by the maple is characterised by its soft, warm, balanced resonance yet with a clear and controlled stick attack. All drum shells are put ether with the aid of a -timbre matched- procedure, meaning that the fundamental tone of each drum shell is analysed and each element then subsequently combined to form a tonally matched set. Colour: Tobacco Fade over Elm Cluster.


002 DW Finish Ply 24 Rock Bl Galaxy
    FinishPly series. Drum shells are made from maple wood. Chrome hardware STM tom holder. Colour: Black Galaxy. Drumshells with wrap finish. All DW drumshells have been tuned using -Timbre Matching-. One of the best drum sets worldwide for sound, quality and appearance.


003 DW Satin Oil Big Rock Ebony
    Satin Oil series - 2015 version. Big Rock version Maple shell Chrome shell hardware. The sound of maple impresses with its soft warm balanced resonance with yet clear and always controlled stick attack. STM suspension tom mount: cantilever holding system for a vibration free tom safely hanging, equipped with maximum sound resonance. True hoops. True-Pitch 50 tension rods. Matte lacquered. Colour: ebony.

004 DW Satin Oil Fusion Set Natural
    Satin Oil Series - version 2015. Rock configuration in SSC construction (Specialised Shell Contruction) 100% maple drum shells without reinforcement rings. Chrome drumshell hardware. All drum shells produce a wonderfullly warm tone and an attack sound for which the DW Collector's Series has become famous. The sound produced by the maple is characterised by its soft, warm, balanced resonance, yet with a clear and controlled stick attack STM (Suspension Tom Mount) - freely suspended mount system for a vibration-free hanging tom with maximum tonal resonance True Hoop rims True-Pitch (50) tuning lugs. All drum shells are manufactured according to the SSC process, which ensures that each shell is analysed according to its specific fundamental tone and combined with similar shells, leading to a "tuned" and harmonious drum set. Drum shells are finished with matte lacquer. Colour: natural.


005 DW Satin Oil Set White Wash SSC +
    Satin Oil Series Rock configuration in SSC+ construction 100%. Maple drum shell Colour: White wash Matte lacquered shells. Nickel shell hardware. The sound of maple captivates with its soft, warm, balanced resonance, yet clear and always controlled stick response. STM Suspension. Tom Mount (freely suspended mount system for a vibration-free hanging tom with maximum tone resonance). True hoops. True-Pitch tension rods. All shells are selected with the 'Timbre Matching' process. Each shell is analysed with respect to its fundamental tone and combined to form a well sounding "tuned" set.


006 Gretsch USA Custom Rock Silver Glass
    USA Custom Series - Rock Version Nitro foil related boiler. Shell from 6-ply maple wood. All shells are hand made, hand-cut, hand andblasted and produced with a 30° bearing edge and Gretsch Silver inner chamber lacquer. Toms Gretsch cast hoops for a round, full and assertive sound, high tonal stability and easy tuning. Colour: Silver glass.


007 Ludwig Classic Maple Fab 22 Black Oy
    Classic Maple series. Model: Fab 22. Drum shell made of 100% maple. Colour: Vintage Black Oyster Pearl (1Q). All drum shells with large classic lugs. A.T.L.A.S Mounts and legs. Single tom holder included. Made in USA


008 Mapex Black Panther Velvetone Set
    All drum shells are made from selected American maple wood with a thickness of 8.1 mm. The additional 3.4 mm thick walnut reinforcement ring, as well as the 5:5 rounded bearing edge lend to these drum shells an extremely focused, explosive and powerful drum sound with the inimitable dark and warm tone of walnut wood. 2.3 mm thick Sonic Saver hoops. Chrome hardware. Remo USA drum heads. Drum shell colour: Velvetone.


009 Mapex Black Panther Black Widow Set
    Model: BPNW628XFLTB. All drumshells are made from 6-ply pecially selected American maple wood. Brushed black chrome hardware. Colour: transparent black lacquer. Remo suede drum heads. SONIClear™ tom holder. SONIClear™ floor tom feet. Sonic Saver rims.


010 Mapex Black Panther Blaster Set
    New model: BPNL628XLWU. All drum shells are made from 5.1 mm thick selected American maple wood with an additional 3.4 mm thick walnut reinforcement ring. The reinforcement ring in combination with the 5:5 rounded bearing edge give off an extremely focused, explosive and assertive drum sound with the dark and warm fundamental tone of walnut. 2.3 mm Sonic Saver hoops. New tom mount system. Black nickel hardware. Remo USA drum heads.


011 Yamaha Absolute Hybrid Standard RAU
    Maple / Wenge hybrid drum shell construction. Aluminium diecast rims for tom toms and floor tom. Wooden rims for the bass drum. Hook lugs. YES III tom mount system. 45° bearing edge for the tom toms/floor tom. 30° bearing edge for the bass drum for more depth and bass. Remo drum heads. Hardware: chrome. Colour: Autumn Red (-RAU).


012 SJC Drums Custom Stage set Purple brass
    Stage configuration. 100% North American maple wood shell. Brass shell hardware. 45° Bearing edge. Evans G2 coated heads for toms. Evans EMAD2 drumhead for bass drum. Painted shells. Colour: Purple Satin Stain. Made in USA.